Make Yahoo Your Homepage Discover something new every day from News, Sports, Finance, Entertainment and more! Get No, thanks Yahoo Sign in Loading Updates Mail Sign in to view your mail Skip to Navigation Skip to Main content Skip to Related content Mail () News Finance Sports Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Good News More... Stay in the loop! Get breaking news notifications on your desktopNotify me Close this content, you can also use the Escape key at anytime Pelosi on impeaching Trump: 'He's just not worth it' Barring "overwhelming" new evidence, pursuing impeachment would prove too divisive for the country, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says. What a poll of Dems showed » 11.3kpeople reacting Michelle Wie engaged to son of NBA legend Roseanne Barr: Michelle Obama got me fired Milano's attempt at solidarity goes terribly wrong Jose Canseco: A-Rod is cheating on J.Lo Dad wasn't selling donuts. Then a tweet went viral. U.S. Yahoo Lifestyle Restaurant owner resigns after calling employee the N-word in text message: 'I will never use that word again' The restaurant owner says he accidentally included his former employee on a group text where he called her the 'N-word.' 1105Reactions Sponsored QuickenLoans NMLS#3030 Recalculate Your House Payment With Quicken Loans If you owe less than $679,650, try this radically simple refi experience from Quicken Loans to see if you can lock a low rate that will never climb. Dislike Celebrity Women's Health OMG This Dr. Pimple Popper Cyst Explosion Looks Just Like A Person Vomiting I mean, that squirt tho. 29Reactions Celebrity People Khloé Kardashian Steps Out in Las Vegas with BFFs Malika and Khadijah After Tristan Thompson Drama Khloé Kardashian Steps Out in Las Vegas with Malika and Khadijah Khloé Kardashian Bets on the Single Life During Wild Weekend in Las VegasTheBlast Kylie Jenner and Jordyn Woods Are Reportedly Hanging Out AgainAllure 1174Reactions Celebrity TheBlast Jose Canseco Claims Alex Rodriguez Is Cheating on Jennifer Lopez Alex Rodriguez is once again being accused of cheating - but instead of steroids, A-Rod is being accused of stepping out on Jennifer Lopez with the ex-wife of Jose Canseco. News of the engagement had barely settled down before Canseco leveled the claim on social media, an accusation he's been making against Rodriguez for years. "Watching […]The post Jose Canseco Claims Alex Rodriguez Is Cheating on Jennifer Lopez appeared first on The Blast. If You Love J.Lo's Enormous Engagement Ring, Here Are 7 Similar Styles That Are Actually AffordableInStyle J.Lo's 15 Carat Emerald Ring Is A Stunner — Here's 15 Engagement Rings That Look Just Like ItRefinery29 144Reactions Sports NBC Sports Report: Lakers coaching staff urged Magic Johnson to re-sign Brook Lopez and Julius Randle Lakers instead went with Rajon Rondo, Lance Stephenson and Michael Beasley Report: Magic Johnson Ignored Lakers Coaches During 2018 Free AgencySports Illustrated Luke Walton reportedly urged Magic Johnson to re-sign Brook Lopez, Julius RandleYahoo Sports 300Reactions Sponsored NextAdvisor Spend $3,000 and Earn $500 With This Amazing Card This incredible new credit card offers a $500 bonus to new customers, plus unlimited 4% cash back on dining and entertainment and much more. Dislike Lifestyle House Beautiful 15 Indoor Swings and Hammocks That Prove Chairs Are Overrated The best way to hang out, hands down. From House Beautiful 3Reactions Make Yahoo your homepage Trending Now 1. Tennessee Titans 2. Gloria Allred 3. Olivia Wilde 4. Rotem Sela 5. Mets Tickets 6. Plumbers Near Me 7. Tyler Kroft 8. Mike Mayock 9. Stair Lifts 10. Michael Bennett Pomona, CA Today 60°f High 43°f Low Tue 66°f High 48°f Low Wed 65°f High 45°f Low Thu 68°f High 43°f Low Scoreboard NBA  NFL NCAAF NBA MLB NHL Trending NCAAB Yesterday Today Tomorrow Charlotte Houston 19 38 End 1st Toronto Cleveland 68 78 4:30 3rd Sacramento Washington 68 80 5:21 3rd Detroit Brooklyn 35 61 :00.1 2nd Oklahoma City Utah Mon, Mar, 11, 6:00 PM PDT ATRM, FSOK Boston LA Clippers Mon, Mar, 11, 7:30 PM PDT NBATV, CSNE, PRIME More scores » The best TV for free Saturday Night Live Season 44 Episode 15 Idris Elba The Cool Kids Season 1 Episode 15 Mentors Superstore Season 4 Episode 10 Cloud 9 Academy Will & Grace Season 2 Episode 14 Supreme Courtship More on Yahoo View » Horoscopes Previous Next Mar 12, 2019 Pisces (change) Nostalgia lingers in the air as you wistfully reminisce about days gone by. Youre entitled to your fond recollections provided you dont practice too much selective remembering, which might be what you... See more » Terms (Updated) Privacy (Updated) Advertise About our Ads Careers Help Feedback