Make Yahoo Your Homepage Discover something new every day from News, Sports, Finance, Entertainment and more! Get No, thanks Yahoo Sign in Loading Updates Mail Sign in to view your mail Skip to Navigation Skip to Main content Skip to Related content Mail () News Finance Sports Politics Entertainment Lifestyle More... Stay in the loop! Get breaking news notifications on your desktopNotify me Close this content, you can also use the Escape key at anytime Pelosi on impeaching Trump: 'He's just not worth it' Barring "overwhelming" new evidence, pursuing impeachment would prove too divisive for the country, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says. What a poll of Dems showed » 11.8kpeople reacting Michelle Wie engaged to son of NBA legend Roseanne Barr: Michelle Obama got me fired Dad wasn't selling donuts. Then a tweet went viral. Milano's attempt at solidarity goes terribly wrong Jose Canseco: A-Rod is cheating on J.Lo U.S. Yahoo Lifestyle Restaurant owner resigns after calling employee the N-word in text message: 'I will never use that word again' A restaurant owner says he accidentally included his former employee on a group text where he called her the N-word. 1252Reactions Sponsored QuickenLoans NMLS#3030 Recalculate Your House Payment With Quicken Loans If you owe less than $679,650, try this radically simple refi experience from Quicken Loans to see if you can lock a low rate that will never climb. Dislike Celebrity Women's Health OMG This Dr. Pimple Popper Cyst Explosion Looks Just Like A Person Vomiting I mean, that squirt tho. 45Reactions Celebrity TheBlast Jose Canseco Claims Alex Rodriguez Is Cheating on Jennifer Lopez Alex Rodriguez is once again being accused of cheating - but instead of steroids, A-Rod is being accused of stepping out on Jennifer Lopez with the ex-wife of Jose Canseco. News of the engagement had barely settled down before Canseco leveled the claim on social media, an accusation he's been making against Rodriguez for years. "Watching […]The post Jose Canseco Claims Alex Rodriguez Is Cheating on Jennifer Lopez appeared first on The Blast. A-Rod Was Just Accused of Cheating on Jennifer Lopez by a Former Yankees PlayerCosmopolitan Jennifer Lopez's Huge Engagement Ring Is 'Flawless' - and Could Be $5 Million, Diamond Experts SayPeople 146Reactions Celebrity People Khloé Kardashian Steps Out in Las Vegas with BFFs Malika and Khadijah After Tristan Thompson Drama Khloé Kardashian Steps Out in Las Vegas with Malika and Khadijah Khloé Kardashian Wore a Totally See-Through BodysuitInStyle Khloé Kardashian Bets on the Single Life During Wild Weekend in Las VegasTheBlast 1191Reactions Sports NBC Sports Report: Lakers coaching staff urged Magic Johnson to re-sign Brook Lopez and Julius Randle Lakers instead went with Rajon Rondo, Lance Stephenson and Michael Beasley Report: Magic Johnson Ignored Lakers Coaches During 2018 Free AgencySports Illustrated Luke Walton reportedly urged Magic Johnson to re-sign Brook Lopez, Julius RandleYahoo Sports 310Reactions Sponsored Butcher Box Mouthwatering Organic Meat Delivered ($6/Meal) The factory farming industry is doing everything they can to silence this crowd funded hormone free, ethical meat delivery service, here's why. Dislike U.S. ABC News Bull attacks, injures owner after going on the loose in New Jersey A run-in with a bull sent it's owner to the hospital after the bull was seen trying to mount the owner's car and charge police vehicles. Wendy McDermott, the animal's owner, called police and told them that she was headed to help coax the bull back to it's enclosure, though it is unclear how it got out in the first place. Once she arrived at the scene along with the police officer, the bull began following McDermott's car, but that doesn't appear to have gone smoothly. Woman seriously injured after being attacked by bull in New JerseyWABC – NY Woman gets attacked by bull in New Jersey, screams that it's going to 'kill her'Yahoo Lifestyle 58Reactions Make Yahoo your homepage Trending Now 1. Kimberly Guilfoyle 2. Melanie Griffith 3. Annette Bening 4. Janelle Monae 5. Gal Gadot 6. 5g Net 7. Matt Damon 8. Beth Behrs 9. 2019 Truck Offers 10. Car Insurance Pomona, CA Today 60°f High 43°f Low Tue 66°f High 48°f Low Wed 65°f High 45°f Low Thu 68°f High 43°f Low Scoreboard NBA  NFL NCAAF NBA MLB NHL Trending NCAAB Yesterday Today Tomorrow Charlotte Houston 30 48 7:05 2nd Toronto Cleveland 77 91 End 3rd Sacramento Washington 81 90 :49.4 3rd Detroit Brooklyn 35 61 Half Oklahoma City Utah Mon, Mar, 11, 6:00 PM PDT ATRM, FSOK Boston LA Clippers Mon, Mar, 11, 7:30 PM PDT NBATV, CSNE, PRIME More scores » The best TV for free Saturday Night Live Season 44 Episode 15 Idris Elba The Cool Kids Season 1 Episode 15 Mentors Superstore Season 4 Episode 10 Cloud 9 Academy Will & Grace Season 2 Episode 14 Supreme Courtship More on Yahoo View » Horoscopes Previous Next Mar 12, 2019 Pisces (change) Nostalgia lingers in the air as you wistfully reminisce about days gone by. Youre entitled to your fond recollections provided you dont practice too much selective remembering, which might be what you... See more » Terms (Updated) Privacy (Updated) Advertise About our Ads Careers Help Feedback